---
layout: post
title: LYGON
subtitle: Service agency dedicated to design projects, animation and the arts.
author: João Luís Almeida Santos
intro: Lygon Xin represents a unique blend of videography, design, and wild storytelling. From helping influencers find their voice in the entertainment industry to collaborating with companies in Canada and the United States, Lygon Xin’s work is diverse and creative. One of its standout projects is the hilarious and unpredictable YouTube miniseries Shadow.
cover: /img/Portfolio/LygonXin/diverse-works.jpg
refer: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHF3MWlIK_c-uffF_lHzZJzP2lX4SyhlC
image1: /img/Logobackground.png
image1alt: Modern logo of Lygon
image2: /img/Portfolio/Design/mockup.jpg
image2alt: Mockup made for Lygon
image3: /img/lygon.png
image3alt: Alternative logo
image4: /img/Portfolio/Video/shadow.webp
image4alt: Chodo, one of Lygon's productions




---

## I created the Lygon Xin brand to embody creative innovation. The first versions were Lygon's brand were made in 2014.
Lygon Xin is dedicated to my videography and design projects, merging my personal portfolio with client-based work. I’ve worked on projects ranging from branding and web design for companies to directing and producing short films and animated series. The logo, designed with a minimalistic yet dynamic aesthetic, reflects the adaptable and bold nature of the Lygon Xin brand. All design elements are built using modern tools like After Effects, Premiere Pro, and Adobe Illustrator.


## Influencer Collaborations
Lygon Xin has worked extensively with influencers venturing into the entertainment industry. Promotional videos, vlogs, or engaging visual content, we’ve helped influencers build their personal brand and stand out in a competitive market.

## Corporate Videos for International Clients
Lygon Xin has also provided videography services to companies across Canada and the United States. These projects included corporate branding videos, promotional content, and internal communications, all designed to reflect each client’s identity and values.

## Shadow: The YouTube Miniseries

One of Lygon Xin’s most entertaining and off-the-wall creations is Shadow, a hilarious and bizarre YouTube miniseries about a journalist who doesn’t just cover the news—he makes it. Shadow, the main character, does everything from blowing up buildings and becoming a dictator, to forcing his face into every movie in existence. And just when you think things can't get weirder, Shadow suddenly discovers he's immortal, and multiple clones of him start popping into his dimension for absolutely no reason.
Shadow is an absurd and fun-filled journey through the life of a chaotic journalist who can’t seem to stay out of trouble—or control his clones. From ridiculous plot twists like immortality to over-the-top action scenes, this miniseries is all about having fun and letting the craziness unfold.
