---
layout: post
title: THERAPY WITH LEX
subtitle: Informative and attractive page for a Therapy and Coaching Business.
author: João Luís Almeida Santos
intro: This website was for Lex E. Santi, a therapist and writer with a highly engaging career spanning literary journals, federal government, and international higher education.
cover: img/Portfolio/Web/santi.jpg
refer: https://www.lexenricosanti.com/coaching





---

<style>.post-parallax {
	width: 100%;
	height: 60vh;
	overflow: hidden;
  	background-repeat: no-repeat;
	background-attachment: fixed;
	background-position: center;
    background-size: 60%;
}
</style>

Lex was one of my favourite clients I've worked with. In order to promote his services, he asked that I built him an engaging website with a modern, engaging design. You can see some examples of this work right here in this post.


---

<div class="post-parallax" style="background-image: url('../assets/img/Portfolio/Web/Lex/1.png');"> </div>

I designed this visual to communicate the key elements of Clinical Supervision in a clear and engaging manner. The title "Clinical Supervision" is prominently displayed in a bold font, immediately informing the viewer of the subject matter. Each of the three main points is accompanied by a simple, orange icon that visually represents the concept, helping in quick recognition and understanding. Below each icon, there is concise text that succinctly explains the associated concept, ensuring the message is conveyed without overwhelming the viewer. The use of orange for the icons draws attention, and the black background for the icons contrasts well with the white background, ensuring readability and visual appeal. The balanced layout, with evenly spaced and aligned points, creates an organized and aesthetically pleasing design. This professional and clean style is appropriate for the context of clinical supervision, balancing professionalism with approachability for the intended audience of licensed professionals.

---

<div class="post-parallax" style="
	background-image: url('../assets/img/Portfolio/Web/Lex/2.png');"></div>
This design effectively showcases a collection of poetry books with an elegant and clean layout. The prominent "Poetry" title clearly indicates the section, while each book is displayed with its cover art, title, and artist credit, providing a visually appealing and informative presentation. The navigation arrows and pagination dots allow for easy browsing, enhancing the user experience. For more details and to explore the entire collection, please see more by clicking the button below, directing you to the full page.

<div class="post-parallax" style="background-image: url('../img/Portfolio/Web/Lex/3.png');"> </div>
---






